All right, you are watching and
listening to the electronic inifatada. I
am John Elmer. This is the resistance
report on day 944 of Israel's genocide
in Gazas, day 69 of Israel and the US's
war on Iran, and day 66 of Hezbollah's
defense of South Lebanon. I'll be
covering Lebanon today, but first a word
on the Iran war and the Strait of
Hormuz. Let's take a look at this first
map. The IRGC Navy put out a map this
week um that showed an expanding
blockade. We're looking at a map here of
the Straight of Hormuz uh zoomed in um
and the blockade has extended just uh
right up to uh the UAE's number one
export port uh oil exporting port and uh
on the other side the entrance to the
straight of Hormuse. So that's become
now a closed military zone. everything
that's in between those red lines. And
of course, the US has added their
blockade. Uh on top of that, Tyrron is
still running um their traffic
separation scheme that runs in the red
that you could see up towards the north
along the Iranian closer to the Iranian
coast. and the US this week on Sunday uh
Trump in his market manipulation uh
weekly market manipula market
manipulation
uh launched what uh he said was called
uh project freedom and [snorts] he
suggested in his message that uh the US
would be escorting ships there's more
than a thousand ships caught in the
Persian Gulf um and h aren't able to
leave um and the idea was floated that
they would be escorted there. That
didn't happen. It happened to two ships.
Apparently, two uh American ships,
American flag ships uh were taken were
sailed out of the straight of Hormuz.
Everything that is related to the
American blockade is um it presumes that
no one's sailing back in to the Gulf.
So, the these are long-term uh global
economy destroying
um blockades that the Americans seem to
not understand the consequences of um on
global markets. And all of these plans
just stretch this uh this period of
uncertainty out. And I'll remind you
what I said uh on the first shows about
this war. every day that the straight is
closed, um it takes at least a week to
uh to fix that day, and it gets worse
the longer it goes. So, we're now 69
days. So, we're talking like we're
starting to push into 3 months to just
to uh to correct the mistakes um or
sorry, a year and uh a quarter to fix
the mistakes. um in and so this is a
long-term problem that is not going to
be fixed by um US escorts. If we look at
the next map, escorts, not even uh what
the Americans have in mind, the term is
convoy in naval uh affairs um that they
would convoy ships in and out of the
strait. The project freedom lasted for
36 hours and Trump cancelled it. Um, but
the logistics, I've talked about this a
couple of times on this show, the
logistics of escorting uh ships through
the straight, that in itself, were it to
even be possible if Iran were to say,
"We're not even going to fire on those
escorts, which they did fire on the
first one that happened, um, the the
escort would take to get a thousand
ships out of the Gulf would take months.
Um and the global economy is uh on a
clock and the Americans believe that
Iran is on a clock and uh I think that
we can look and see that the resilience
uh of Iran is going to outpace that of
the global economy and particularly the
Gulf States economy which you can see on
this map here from the New York Times.
the UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, uh Kuwait,
major oil terminals in Saudi as well,
major oil terminals all through the
Persian Gulf are effectively shut down.
This was the first month that uh Kuwait
didn't export one barrel of oil for the
first time in 30 years. Um and a lot of
the oil installations themselves have to
be shut down. Um they have to be refired
up to um to get back up to pace. So,
we're looking at a multi-year
um um tale on this uh on this story of
the Strait of Hormuz. In any case,
Trump's escorts were not escorts. He was
setting up a hotline, a coordination
cell where uh commercial shippers could
radio to the US to ask what the best
route was um to get out. And the uh
American regime uh painted it as a red,
white, and blue dome. So, it wasn't a
ship escort. It's not a guided missile
destroyer escort. And if you look at the
coastline of this map here, um you can
see why um if Iran chose to attack those
ships and the reason why there hasn't
been US warships transiting the strait
um over the past 70 days, um they have
all of the advantages, the geographic
advantages, high terrain, um missiles
embedded all along the coast, the entire
Persian Gulf's uh northern shore is
Iran. Um, and so they really do have
every uh benefit and uh the Americans
have none. Um, it did nothing to calm uh
shippers who are and mariners. There's
some 20,000 mariners who are stuck in
the Persian Gulf. Um, this hotline that
Trump set up that died 36 hours later
wasn't going to do it. Um, but the
American regime did say that the
operation epic fury is over. Um, we're
not sure if all aspects of the regime
are talking off the same page. That was
Marco Rubio yesterday and he was uh or
on Tuesday and um yeah, it's not clear
how much connection he has, but he said
the war is over. He said this part of
the war uh is over. This blockade is a
new uh project and then that new project
lasted 36 hours. So, let's look at the
next map and just remind people what the
geography looks like. This is what Iran
looks like for ships going through the
straight of Hormuz. We're looking at a
map that shows um the geoysical
um the physical geography of Iran um
with just has overwatch over the entire
Persian Gulf. It has that rocky
shoreline where they can dispense ships,
small fast boats from like Boston Wher
type uh boats that have that are armed
um that can swarm ships. They can fire
um anti-ship cruise missiles from um
from those shorelines. They can fire
anti-ship ballistic missiles. And they
fire them so close to the ships that the
ability of those ships to defend
themselves are um they're thin. And that
is the reason why we haven't seen if
Trump wanted to declare victory, he
would have steamed his ships through um
the straight and shown that the straight
was open and then said the war was over
and we won. but there's no way that he
can say we won um in this current
situation. So, it's just a stalemate.
It's an unsustainable stalemate. The
blockades porous. Iran is getting ships
out. Um the Americans are not and the
Gulf States by and large are not. So, um
if it's a stalemate, but it it strongly
favors Iran in this situation, and we'll
see how long uh this lasts in this part
of the war. But let's take a look at
Lebanon. Now, we'll focus today on
Lebanon. Going to focus on three key
areas just north of Nura on the coast
there that you see in the bottom left of
the map. Um, Rasal Baya is the area that
the Israelis have set up a forward base.
Uh, north of Nakura, south of Seur or Ty
there on the uh western coast. The
Latani River is of course where Israel
said that they were going to conquer all
the territory uh below it, but they're
not even close. Um they're only within a
few kilometers of the border. Uh Bintage
Bale there in the central uh area. That
is where there's been a lot of fighting
and we're going to watch a lot of video
from there because there's a lot of
American troop, a lot of Israeli troops
there. Um still six divisions um
deployed here in the battle in Lebanon.
No ceasefire. Both sides are saying
there's no ceasefire right now. Um so
Bintage Bale will see a lot of
operations there. And then if you follow
up the uh the Galilee panhandle as it's
called up to the northern tip of Israel
um and acing is in um to the west of
that through the um the valleys and
mountains um to the west uh of the
Galilee panhandle and um the famous
valleys uh from the 2006 waruki that uh
was where um the marava um the graveyard
of the marava was when they attempted to
invade through that path. That's where
the fighting is happening there. So,
those three places we'll keep an eye on
on this show. There was more than 150
civilians killed this week. Uh according
to the Lebanese Ministry of Health um
and we've been watching that, of course,
um consistently. Israel's war is on
civilians. Their goal is not to fight
Hezbollah. Their goal is to destroy
civilian homes in South Lebanon to make
there be nowhere to return to. This is
the betanoon and Rafa model from Gaza.
Um, which was previously borrowed from
the Daha doctrine from Lebanon, but uh
escalated dramatically uh in Gaza. Um,
so on this first video that we're going
to see, um, just keep your eye peeled.
You're going to watch a drone come from
the right side of the screen to the left
side as it hits a tank. Number three
here.
And this was the first operation. There
you see it strike the tank. This was the
first operation where we've seen two
cameras. So, we have a drone uh
assessing battle damage assessments. Um,
and you can see there the uh Markova
tank got hit in the turret. We'll see uh
the drone here. This is moments uh
earlier and now we're on board with the
drone. And you can see the tank is uh
12:00. Um and the drone with the PG7VL
warhead comes in. And you can see here
both hatches are open. The loader's
hatch and the commander hatch uh are
both open. So this uh RPG round goes
directly into the hatch and carry and
that's where you see now we're seeing
the um above shot. Um that's what
creates the cookoff. It it it lights up
the ammo that's in um the loaders bay
and in the turret and in the storage
areas beside it. Um, so this is a pretty
significant uh visual. Um, but it's only
we're only seeing this because of the
second camera. We don't see these
burnoffs to say it's it's not accurate
to say this is the first tank we've seen
burning. We've I've shown you multiple
burning tanks before on this show from
thermal cameras, from uh anti-tank
guided missile strikes. Um, but we don't
have the uh second camera on these and I
wouldn't advise having multiple cameras
uh on these operations um overall
because um they're more useful as attack
um than to show military media. Um but
on an an significant operation here that
cookoff
um obviously caught the Israelis
attention and the uh the Hezbollah
fighters obviously knew that that
position was weakened and that's why
they put the second camera up so we
could have a battle damage assessment
and we certainly got that from that
video. Let's take a look at number four.
um because we've seen the real
development week week I mean day by day
we see the the advance of the piloting
of these of the targeting uh of these
here we're flying over Canthra this is
in uh up and towards the north uh of the
Galilee uh panhandle to the west of it
you're seeing multiple targets seen on
this flight so you see uh a couple of
tanks here directly going down onto into
the tank and you're going to see the gap
between the turret and the hull of the
tank. That looks to be where this um RPG
round is being aimed. And as we know
from Gaza, that is one of the places
that you definitely want uh the fighters
definitely want to be aiming for. Um and
that appears to be a direct hit on that.
Uh Army Radio this week was had another
panicked report about operators
realizing that Hezbollah drones were
being deployed from more than 20 km
deep. So even the fiber optic drones
being deployed for more than uh 20
kilometers um from the border and Israel
is attempting to set up a security zone
that is a few kilometers um in some
areas it's 5 km in some areas it's only
hundreds of meters um but they said this
week that um on army radio that the uh
the defense is bound to be breached and
responses to drones is currently
lagging. a senior IDF official told Army
radio. So, um they are still have no
solution for these. Um as you see the
direct hit here on the turret gap of
this Merkava tank. Um let's take a look
at the next one. These are two shots of
um artillery position that was hit. That
is a um an artillery bus essentially uh
a humper of uh artillery rounds and um
um and um and it was hit and around it
there was a number of vehicles that were
hit as well that burned up uh in this
strike. This is in Chimera. This is just
across the border from Bites Bale. Um,
more than at least 12 soldiers were
wounded and Army radio said that several
other soldiers suffered from anxiety
from this attack. They're pretty scared.
Um, and they needed to have treatment
from this attack. Again, this is an
intelligency
position that is firing into South
Lebanon. Uh, and the reason why um
people are dying at the rate they are in
Lebanon. So to pick this target
>> [snorts]
>> um just shows again one of the assets of
these drones is that you're getting
constant aerial surveillance um which
Hezbollah already had excellent
intelligence that we know um but these
two uh shots uh show you um the precise
intelligence because that's put out this
artillery uh unit uh this artillery
position put out of service for some
time. Um, let's take a look at number
seven cuz they're going after an
artillery position here, too. Now, we're
moving over to the western coast. This
is Rasel Biada, the Biada Headland here.
We've seen this shot many times because
this uh Israeli forward base has been
targeted literally every single day um
in this last period. And you're going to
see this. We're we're watching the
flight here. And look down now. You'll
see that's the Israeli military base.
You can see the tarp, um the canvas roof
over their tents there. Um you can see
the excavators that built the anti-tank
BMS that are around there. Um and now
you see it's locking in on its target.
It passed on all of those different um
targets. Um and is heading in here to an
artillery position that you're going to
watch be struck directly. Um and that's
an M113.
We saw these used as um truck bombs in
Gaza. These are old out of stock um
armored personnel carriers. You can see
it in the next slide. The still um the
way that the artillery position is set
up. So this is the command position for
the artillery uh battery and Hzbollah
hits it. So um smart to target choosing
uh if that's the right word uh for the
Israelis. they call when um over the
radio we saw journalists were in Baya uh
on the day of this and the journals
heard on the radio air hammer which is
what the IDF uh alert for uh incoming
drones are uh and they rushed the
Israeli uh journalists out of there
quickly but they're obviously setting up
a major position here but the position
the part of the position that's doing
harm in Lebanon is this artillery
command and patrol post and it's been
wiped out. So, Hezbollah targeting those
that are killing people in Lebanon um
out of the many targets they have on
these bases. Let's look at the next one
because we're still in Baya here again
daily um sometimes multiple times a day
targeting the same base uh in the
western sector. Um and Israel doesn't
seem to have much defense for these. Um,
and Hezbollah is learning which targets
to hit here. So, they're going to be
hitting uh a group of Humvees here,
which is, you know, in the in the
lexicon of Gaza, this is an appropriate
weapon for a Humvey. Um, you can
certainly disable tanks. We watched it
just happen a few moments ago. Um, but
the single round RPG, um, the single
charge RPG round is really best designed
for, um, these Humvees, for the M113s,
uh, for that artillery position. Those
are smart uh, targets. Let's look at the
next one cuz it's the same. Uh, we've
got three in a row here. They've um,
here we see them building them. This was
also the part of the genius that all the
fighters um, can assemble these drones.
And we're watching them assemble.
There's the fiber optic spool um that's
going to run a fiber optic cable behind
it, allowing for low latency, no
jamming, um just strong response between
the controller um the pilot and uh the
drone itself. And again, we're in the
exact same spot. So, this is drone after
drone targeting these same spots. We're
coming back to these uh these Humvees.
Um, and over the course of just this
last week, all these operations are just
in the last week since you last saw me.
Um, but they're wiping out these
Humvees. Um, a single RPG round on that
Humvey will blow that Humvey to pieces
and presumably burn the ones beside it.
Um, so we're seeing single hits here,
but surely multiple um, destroyed
Humvees in this strike. There's one more
to number 11.
um
over the same area again, same base. And
one of the things to note is that we
haven't seen soldiers uh in all of these
videos. The Israelis are hiding. There's
been a few SCOPs that the uh Hezbollah
media uh arm has put out saying like,
"Where are you guys?" Um because we
haven't seen any soldiers on these
bases. But um while targeting these
Humvees and tanks um the Israeli
soldiers are somewhere within a very
very short walking distance of these
armored vehicles. So um it's um I don't
want to make predictions, but I think
we're going to see uh an an increase in
attacks on Israeli soldiers as this goes
on uh in South Lebanon. So there's
another Humvey completely destroyed. Um
let's look at the next one 11B here.
This is from yesterday. Um and amid all
of the discussions in Israel
um about what we can do, what Israel can
do, you know, I say we like them. Uh
they're talking about uh what what are
we going to do about these drones? Do we
make big nets? Um, here they have uh a
counter UAV system and Hzbollah is just
flying their drone directly into
Israel's uh counter FPV drone system.
So, this system is set up um to
essentially be perimeter security for uh
incoming FPV drones and is and Israel
sets it up and Hezbollah destroys it
with an FPV drone. So, this is designed
to stop FPV drones. Um, and Hezbollah
picks it out of a window like the old
soldiers in a window day. Um, they have
their uh their drone protection uh
system in a window. Um, so this is an
anti- FPV uh drone system that's about
to knock out uh be knocked out by an FPV
drone. So, um one step forward, two
steps back for the Israelis. Um we can
go to the next one. Um because there was
soldiers here and when we see the
soldiers here um the fact that there is
such uh int intelligence surveillance
and reconnaissance all over these
positions
noticed um three jeeps arrive um with a
uh combat intelligence battalion that
they identified here. and we're going to
watch the soldiers get out of their jeep
and within um you know it looks like a
few dozen feet of the jeep uh they're
immediately targeted by this incoming uh
explosive laden FPV drone. So there you
see their jeeps and you can look at
them. They're spitting distance uh from
getting out of their jeeps and they're
immediately targeted here. There's the
three of them on the ground. The
Israelis said two were wounded here, but
you can watch the video and [snorts]
um we're not so sure about those. U
we've never been sure about Israel's
casualty reports. We remain skeptical of
them. Um let's take a look at 13. Or we
can look at this one more. Yeah, it's
okay. Look at 13 here. Again, we're
seeing this is something we saw later in
the week. This crisp digital video um
feed. So we may be seeing a lot crisper
attacks on Israelis. This is an attack
uh we're moving now to Bintage Bale. And
you can see there's a tank upcoming
there on the road. Um now it's getting
the Hezbollah circle triangle in Gaza
circle in Lebanon. It gets the red
circle and a direct hit on uh it looks
like this is a a hit on the uh commander
hatch which we've seen them picking on a
number of times. We saw a video
yesterday that didn't make it in that
missed our deadline but we'll show you
next week where u they're aiming at the
commander hatch as well. Um, so they're
clearly um advancing their targets and
that's I think appropriate with the uh
RPG round that they are using. Um, let's
look at number 14. This is versus three
tanks. Um, I stitched these together
just so we didn't spend the whole show
watching um, the flights over South
Lebanon. Although it's beautiful to
watch the flights because it's a
beautiful area and um you know the
reason why people are fighting so hard
for this area um is shown in these
videos. The destruction by Israel, the
genocidal ethnic cleansing is seen in
every picture. Here you see a hit on the
reverse uh on the back end again that is
also right by the loaders hatch in that.
So we could be seeing that um
consistently. And then we have a a
couple of NER troop carriers
uh down here that are going to be
targeted. And again, in each of those
buildings, what we saw in Gaza was that
Israel would destroy all of the
buildings and then just leave one
building that they were uh they had
their troops in. We can see what they're
doing here in Lebanon is they're
spreading out their people. So there
there are soldiers in that building that
are behind those tanks cuz those tanks,
they're not getting out of the troop
carrier and walking through the village.
Um so they're right there in those
buildings and I think we'll probably see
in coming weeks um them targeted. On
that day of those operations um these
were on the 30th of April. Israel
admitted that two soldiers were wounded
inside tanks. So again we don't get
battle damage assessments but we can uh
sometimes read between the lines on the
Israeli casualty reports and see that
two were wounded inside tanks. So, these
clearly work. Um, they might not be the
most appropriate weapon for the
thickness of the armor on the Marova.
Um, and that's what we saw in Gaza. And
that's why the tandem warhead uh in Gaza
was such a game changer. Let's take a
look at number 15 now.
Um,
again, spring in South Lebanon. And
then, uh, very quickly you see total
destruction in Bintage Bale. It looks as
though the Israelis are attempting to
erase vintage bail. Um, which we can
clearly see from this footage. Um, and
lots of other footage as well
here. He's going to pick up multiple
targets again. And that's one of the
reasons that these drones are so useful
is that they can loiter over the site.
They reach the site and then they can
fly around. And here they see a Nomber
with its rear door open. Um, and that
certainly uh you put an
an 83 93 mm uh PG7VL
uh RPG warhead into the inside of that
Nomber and it's going to destroy it. Um,
in another report, this is not related
to this video. So there's a second
report um from Wednesday that a Nomber
um was hit and according to the Hzbollah
field report it was seen burning and
then soldiers were seen evacuating.
Um and then the and then Hezbollah says
the fighters targeted the evacuation
force with artillery shells and enemy
soldiers were seen fleeing from the
area. Um so there's destruction
happening to these vehicles. There's no
question about it. Um but there is large
po uh parts of the um the merkova and
the nommer and the nommer is a merkova
just without a turret. So here we go
right through the back door.
Okay, we'll go to the next one now
because we can see it with a closed door
on this next one.
Um again that right there is where
soldiers are. And watch this drone pilot
get some reconnaissance in before he
carries out his attack. He's looking
under that. You can see there's a
vehicle. Um the tarp that's um to
protect the soldiers that are clearly
inside that building. Um so full recon
of the site. And now the fighters that
are back uh with the controller,
although this can happen with just one
person. That's the video pilot. Uh
that's the advantage of the video
piloting. It can be a single person. You
don't need anything to launch these
drones. We've seen them launch them off
of cinder blocks. You can launch them
off your hand. Um, so but back at where
they are uh launching from, you have
intelligence units that are watching
each of these positions. They know each
of the positions where they change day
in and day out. And so here they see a
Nome. They pass on hitting the front of
those Nomers that are facing it, which
wouldn't do any damage. But this here to
hit the back door directly on the latch.
We know that from Gaza will blow out
that back door. Uh Kasam did that in
Gaza a number of times. So these are uh
destroying Israeli armor. And we've seen
that through this whole week. This
Nomber uh is probably destroyed. The
previous nom is for sure destroyed. You
put an RPG round into the cabin of it uh
and it's going to burn. Uh let's take a
look at the next one.
Uh this is a D9 armored bulldozer also
uh in vintage bale. Um so we've seen
multiple nomers. We just saw but
somewhere between three and six at least
Humvees destroyed. We saw the cook off
uh of the Merkova um in the first video.
This is one of two D9s on this show that
we're watching being destroyed. And
again, this RPG round that the um FPV
quadcopter is carrying will destroy a D9
armored bulldozer. And that's why in
Gaza, you can see it there, they
identify tanks. Um but they're going to
pass on those tanks and hit a more
appropriate target, which is the
bulldozer that is actively uh
demolishing Vintage Bale on the one
hand, but also does not have defenses
for a single round RPG. And that's why
in Gaza, we never saw Yasin 105s fired
at bulldozers because it's unnecessary.
An appropriate weapon is a single round
RPG. And he's going to put this right
through the um the ba the base of that
uh D9 in um in Binge Bale. Let's take a
look at 18 cuz while there's a lot of
focus on FPV drones um there uh is Okay,
we'll watch it one more time. Okay, go.
All right, here we go. So, here is a
SCOP that uh Hezbollah put out this week
uh manufacturing the other kinds of
drones that they fire in the first
period before this so-called ceasefire
that doesn't exist. You know, there's
more than 400 drone operations that were
not strictly all FPV drones. We know
about these other drones, the Scied
107s, Shahed 101's, and um here they're
making an Ababil, which looks like um an
Ababel 2T uh version um that they're
putting together. So there two types of
drones being made here. Um and they're
going to tell you that it's the pride of
Lebanese industry. Again, we saw a bunch
of these videos from Gaza about
manufacturing their own weaponry. Um but
those drones they build their own uh
larger fixedwing drones. Um they also
put together their FPV drones um from
component parts and that's the wisdom of
both aspects of this that you can
manufacture this locally. Um and
Hezbollah has been doing it there. You
see the pride of Lebanese industry. Um
there's been a number of these SCOPS
this week. Um and then this is those
drones being launched. the same drones
that you just saw being built. Uh here
they are being launched. This first one
uh is the SCAD 107 and this is versus um
and you can see there that's again
pressure air pressure launched so they
don't leave a large heat signature
fiberglass uh frame low signature and
Israel has a lot of trouble with these
as well. And Hezbollah can fire them
from safe positions. And there's the
Abmobile that we watched be of the type
that we watched be built. Um, this
carries a heavier warhead um launched
against Israeli troops. Um, and dozens
of injuries um to troops from these
drone strikes. There was just 10 more um
said were wounded today. There's a good
shot of the Abmobile with the forward
wings on the nose cone. That's how you
tell the difference between those ones.
Here it is launched again.
Uh or yeah, it's launched again.
Okay, let's take a look at number 19.
There's some anti- uh aircraft
operations. This is a 358 missile. We're
going to actually watch it get launched.
We don't usually get to see that, so
that's a bit of a a treat for people who
have been watching this 358 missile
down. MQ9 Reaper drones. This is a
Hermes 450. We've watched the Hermes 900
Elbit drones just get blown to pieces
like we're watching here on screen and
you [snorts] can we're watching it
through the um
uh through originally through the
missiles um sites there. So um that's
the missile that has taken down dozens
of uh MQ9 Reaper drones, the biggest US
or the most uh commonly used large US
drone. Um the Yemenes down two dozen of
them in Iran. There's been dozens of
them as well and Hzbollah has used these
in South Lebanon as well. And so of all
these destroyed vehicles, we saw the
Nmer, we saw the half a dozen Humvees,
we saw the Marova, we saw two D9s, there
was an excavator um crew that were
killed that are contract workers that
are paid to uh by the number of houses
they destroy. We saw that excavator be
destroyed. We saw that artillery bus be
destroyed, an M113 destroyed, a counter
uh unmanned aerial system destroyed. So,
a lot of uh physical equipment losses.
Um and if we look to uh the next if we
looked here this Israel bragged about
this this week that since the launch of
what they call operation roaring lion so
the Iran war um and Lebanon war Israel
has received more than 115,600
tons of military equipment from the US
in 43 airlifts and 10 sea lifts. So we
can see these next couple of pictures.
These are the unloading of vehicles that
we just watched be destroyed in Lebanon.
And this is the only way that Israel is
able to fight. I've been saying this
since early Gaza. There's the Hammet. We
watched those get destroyed last week on
the show. Um being resupplied for free
um from the Americans. $25 billion in
this resupply. And it's the only way
that the Israelis can carry on with any
of their wars, their war in Gaza, their
war in Lebanon, and particularly their
war in Iran. And Israel brags about
this. The me the Ministry of Defense
official who's in charge of this says,
"At any given moment, cargo, aircraft,
and ships are on route to Israel
carrying thousands of tons of munitions
and military equipment. This is the core
of our military strategy," he said. um
yeah, and the ships have been coming in
um daily, many times a day. Uh airbridge
uh and also unloading massive ships. Um,
and there you see the Hammets. We
watched those get destroyed last week on
the show. So, um, they get destroyed by
the resistance and the United States,
um, resupplies them to the tune of tens
of billions of dollars to allow the war
to continue. Um, so this has been the
resistance report for day 944
of Israel's genocide in Gaza.